---
title: "2024 EuroLLVM Developers' Meeting"
description: ""
date: 2024-10-21T19:45:19+05:30
toc: true
tags: []
draft: false
---

{{< event_data "2024-04" >}}

## About

The Euro LLVM Developers' Meeting is a bi-annual gathering of the entire LLVM Project community. The conference is organized by the LLVM Foundation and many volunteers within the LLVM community. Developers and users of LLVM, Clang, and related subprojects will enjoy attending interesting talks, impromptu discussions, and networking with the many members of our community. Whether you are a new to the LLVM project or a long time member, there is something for each attendee.

To see the agenda, speakers, and register, please visit the Event Site here: https://llvm.swoogo.com/2024eurollvm

What can you can expect at an LLVM Developers' Meeting?

- **Technical Talks**

    These 20-30 minute talks cover all topics from core infrastructure talks, to project's using LLVM's infrastructure. Attendees will take away technical information that could be pertinent to their project or general interest.
- **Tutorials**

    Tutorials are 50-60 minute sessions that dive down deep into a technical topic. Expect in depth examples and explanations.

- **Lightning Talks**

    These are fast 5 minute talks that give you a taste of a project or topic. Attendees will hear a wide range of topics and probably leave wanting to learn more.

- **Quick Talks**

    Quick 10 minute talks that dive a bit deeper into a topic, but not as deep as a Technical Talk.

- **Student Technical Talks**

    Graduate or Undergraduate students present their work using LLVM.

- **Panels**

    Panel sessions are guided discussions about a specific topic. The panel consists of ~3 developers who discuss a topic through prepared questions from a moderator. The audience is also given the opportunity to ask questions of the panel.

What types of people attend?

- Active developers of projects in the LLVM Umbrella (LLVM core, Clang, LLDB, libc++, compiler_rt, flang, lld, MLIR, etc).
- Anyone interested in using these as part of another project.
- Students and Researchers
- Compiler, programming language, and runtime enthusiasts.
- Those interested in using compiler and toolchain technology in novel and interesting ways.

The LLVM Developers' Meeting strives to be the best conference to meet other LLVM developers and users.

For future announcements or questions: Please visit the LLVM Discourse forums. Most posts are in the Announcements or Community categories and tagged with usllvmdevmtg.

## Program

### Keynote

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/keynote" 
    "keynote" 
>}}

### Tutorials

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/tutorials" 
    "tutorials" 
>}}

### Technical Talks

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/technical_talks" 
    "technical_talks" 
>}}

### Panels

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/panels" 
    "panels" 
>}}

### Student Technical Talks

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/student_technical_talks" 
    "student_technical_talks" 
>}}

### Quick Talks

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/quick_talks" 
    "quick_talks" 
>}}

### Lightning Talks

{{< event_talks
    "devmtg/2024-04/lightning_talks" 
    "lightning_talks" 
>}}

### Posters

{{< event_posters
    "devmtg/2024-04/posters" 
    "posters" 
>}}

## Code of Conduct

The LLVM Foundation is dedicated to providing an inclusive and safe
experience for everyone. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any
form. By registering for this event, we expect you to have read and agree to
the [LLVM Code of Conduct](http://llvm.org/docs/CodeOfConduct.html).

## Contact

To contact the organizer, email [events@llvm.org](mailto:events@llvm.org).